ok so now I would like to show you how
to organize school supplies now i am a
home school mom so I have to stay
organized I have to be very good with
record keeping but all of this works
really well for moms who have children
who go to school awesome so what I do is
for a lot of our markers coloring books
pens anything like that I keep in clear
plastic containers so you can see what
it is before you even open it up then I
have a drawer for everything else I'm a
drawer for the big box tie downs like
the one full finger paint the paint sets
in the color by numbers all that fits
nicely into the drawer all organized
construction paper stencils in here and
all the fun science experiments like the
volcano kit all of those things that
either your child has to do at home or
needs to keep for later use at school we
also have when our children have science
projects or history projects or anything
that they have to assemble at home to
take to school a good idea is to put
everything in a gallon size freezer bags
that way all the little pieces are
guaranteed to stay in there with the big
ones children can't lose them this way
put everything in there and then zip zip
it shut it can you throw this into the
backpack or keep it all together for
assembly Ethel then I have drawers for
each one of my children for older kids
they get the bigger drawers of course
and you can put all of their books
supplies or things that they need in
there you can organize them into
different groups into different subjects
if you would like to I do I have my
science over here we have our math and
our English over here we have history
here all their workbooks other
worksheets anything like that anything
that needs to stay together further
including even other little books to
help them along the way learning games
we keep them all together so that we
know where they are easy to find and the
kids know exactly where they go back
when they're done with them all of this
has helped our family I hope it helps
yours